Update install.md (#2713)
input-output-hk/cardano-node: doc/getting-started/install.md

We explicitly use the GHC version that we installed earlier.  This avoids defaulting to a system version of GHC that might be older than the one you have installed.

    cabal configure --with-compiler=ghc-8.10.2

Update the local project file to use the VRF library that you installed earlier.

    echo "package cardano-crypto-praos" >>  cabal.project.local
    echo "  flags: -external-libsodium-vrf" >>  cabal.project.local

> 

Reviewer: It's better if we preserve this part, but add a comment that this is only for a development build.

btw, I don't know yet how to make it work without it.

Author: Thanks, a note is now added and that part is back in.

We explicitly use the GHC version that we installed earlier.  This avoids defaulting to a system version of GHC that might be older than the one you have installed.

    cabal configure --with-compiler=ghc-8.10.4

> Note, that for a development build you can update the local project file to use the VRF library that you installed earlier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that for a development build you can avoid installing the custom `libsodium` library and add the following lines to the local project file:
```
